update: iOS accessibility tree sync improvement (#324)
JetBrains/kotlin-multiplatform-dev-docs: topics/compose/ios/compose-ios-accessibility.md

### Choose the tree synchronization option

> > In Compose Multiplatform %composeEapVersion% [this option is removed](whats-new-compose-180.md#loading-accessibility-tree-on-demand)
> > as the accessibility tree is synchronized lazily and doesn't require additional configuration.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In Compose Multiplatform %composeEapVersion%, [this option has been removed](whats-new-compose-180.md#loading-accessibility-tree-on-demand)
> as the accessibility tree is synchronized lazily and no longer requires additional configuration.
>
{style="tip"}

```
